UNIFY-328 Update all references to config file (#4093)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/migrating-to-cypress/protractor.md

to test or the tests sporadically fail. We call these tests "flaky." Cypress
allows you to [retry failed tests](/guides/guides/test-retries). Sometimes tests
will fail in a CI environment when they otherwise would pass on a developer's

> machine. Enabling test retries in your Cypress configuration file can help you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
machine. Enabling test retries in the Cypress configuration can help you
```

[recording test results](http://on.cypress.io/recording-project-runs) to the
[Cypress Dashboard](/guides/dashboard/introduction) to learn more.

> ### Specifying a custom configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Specifying a custom Cypress configuration file
```

Reviewer: You also need to change the `configFile` option in the example following this to something like `cypress.production.config.js`

  "builder": "@cypress/schematic:cypress",
  "options": {
    "devServerTarget": "{project-name}:serve",

>     "configFile": "cypress.production.config.json"

Reviewer: Change `.json` here to `.js`

├── .gitignore
├── angular.json
├── browserslist

> ├── configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
├── cypress.config.js
```
